{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green68\blue254;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15960\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 Chat with remote data analysis expert:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 > Hello!\
> Not a problem.\
> Yes.  Ask anything that helps you in the analysis. \
> Yes. \
> Go ahead\
> Processing\'85 one minute. \
> Here are two.  Working on one more\'85\
> Done now. \
> Can you repeat? \
> Ah.. let me see. \
> I only have data for 2014, sorry. \
> Yes.  Also, correcting an error. \
> Sorry about the delay.\
> Ok. \
> Sorry, this is showing all cases in river north of prostitution. \
> Yes. \
> Can you repeat the question? \
> Ok.\
> Sorry I cannot be more precise.\
> Processing\'85 \
> Sorry, one more minute\'85 \
> Sorry I cannot be more precise. \
> Sorry, I can\'92t do that. \
> I do not have that data.  Sorry.\
> Yes, sorry about that. \
> Ok. \
> There are no deceptive practices in retail stores in the data. \
> Yes. Ok. \
> One moment. \
Yes\
> Ok. \
> I believe inside.\
> Ok. working\'85 \
> Yes. \
> Sorry!\
> Yes. \
> Yes. On CTA?\
> Ask the in-room assistant. \
> Sorry, we do not have that data. \
> Yes. \
> Clarification: just see deceptive practice? Ah ok. \
> Yes\
> There were no public indecencies on the CTA in UIC in 2014\
> Can you clarify?\
> Ah- see a map?   ok\
> Yes \
> Just CTA\
> Yes. Yes. \
> Yes. \
> Yes. \
> Any final questions? \
> I hope I was able to be of assistance. \
> Great!  Signing off.  Bye. \
> }