{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green68\blue254;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15960\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 Chat with remote data analysis expert:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 > Hi there!\
> Hello. \
> Great!  \
> One moment: audio check!! \
> Can you ask the in room assistant to check?\
> Yes, its perfect.  Thank you. \
> Sorry about that.\
> Sure. \
> Yes \
> Sure\
> Sure. \
> I noticed an error int he previous chart.  Let me correct. \
> Sorry about that. \
> Sure.  \
> Sure. \
> Hm.  Checking\'85  I don\'92t see any thing wrong.  Can I give a new visualization to help?\
> Ah!. \
> Sure. \
> Sure. \
> Yes. \
> Yes. \
> No problem. \
> Yes. \
> Sure. \
> Ah.  Clarification:  in this data, we are showing the primary crime type.  There is a secondary crime type sometimes, but I do not have that data right now. \
> Yes, I see.  That I do not know. \
> Yes. \
> Yes.\
> This is all location types.  Did you want just street?  \
. Ok. \
> Oh, sorry this is just the street. \
> Sorry about that.\
> Yes. \
> Yes? Sure. \
> May take a minute\'85. \
> Was this what you wanted to see? \
>  Ah.  Let me try\'85 Yes, I think so.  Let me see. \
> Sorry, I can\'92t produce that chart\'85 \
> Let me see\'85 \
> Let me see\'85\
> Not quite what you asked for, but smaller date range. \
> Any final questions before the session ends?\
> Sure. \
> Yes, that makes sense.\
> Hope I was able to be of assistance.\
> Thanks!  Signing off now. \
\
\
\
}