{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green68\blue254;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15960\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 Chat with remote data analysis expert:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 >  Hi there.\
> Hi!  \
> Hi\
> I will let you know if I can or can\'92t answer.  But you can go ahead and ask anything. \
> Sure..\
> Ready to go!\
> Go for it. \
> Sure. \
> Ok. \
> Sure.  \
> Working on it\'85. \
> Just a sec.  Here are the plots. \
> Sure.  \
> Yes.  \
> Sure. \
> Can you repeat that?\
> Ok. \
> One moment- audio check!  \
> Yes.  Ok I think it is fine now.  Thank you!\
> Not a problem.\
> Sure. \
> Sure.  \
> Sure.  Meanwhile:  audio check on the camera.  \
> Hang on one moment- audio check. \
> I believe the audio is better now.  Sorry about the technical bugs!  \
> Sure.\
> Yes. \
> Sure. \
> Got it.  \
> Yes!  Sounds good.  Thank you. \
> Sorry, I don\'92t have that data.\
> I can do that. \
> Yes. \
> Sure. \
> Sorry I had to correct an error in the theft plot.  \
> It is fine now.  Sorry!\
> Working on map now. \
> Sure. \
> Sure. \
> No problem.\
> All crimes.  Can I give you a different visualization?  Sure. \
> Sorry. \
> Yes. \
> Technical bugs.  One moment\'85 Sorry about that!\
> Sorry, I don\'92t have that data.  \
> Sure.  \
> Yes. \
> Yes. \
> Sure. \
> Sorry.. no. \
> Not that either.\
> Sure. \
> Sure.  Which ones? \
> Ok. \
> Sure.  Ok Got it.  \
 > Ok Let me try\'85\
> All 4 years\
> Sorry, I believe this is the best I can do\'85 \
> Yes. \
> Sure.  \
> Sorry can you repeat your last question?  Got it: hours of the day. Working\'85\
> Great!\
> Sure. \
> Got it.  \
> Yes. Sure. \
> Great!  Thanks.  I hope I was able to be of assistance!\
> Signing off. \
\
}