{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green68\blue254;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15960\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs64 \cf2 Chat with remote data analysis expert:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 > Hi there!\
> Sorry for the technical bugs.  We should be ready now.\
> Hi there.  I can hear you perfectly. \
> Great.\
> Yes, ask anything\
>  Great.  Ready to go!\
> I don\'92t have data about where schools are.  \
> Can I answer a different question?\
> Do you want to know about months?\
> Got it.  Let me see.. \
> Sorry, large chart.  Let me know if I can fix it in any way. \
> Check the labels on the axes.  It may be hard to read. \
Let\'92s try this one.\
> Better?\
> Sorry, I do not have age data.\
> Yes. June-Sept Theft. \
> I believe streets are where cars are, whereas sidewalks are where pedestrians are. \
> Ok. \
> Yes that is right.\
> That makes sense, but I don\'92t have data on officers.  Sorry. \
> This is all 4 years: 2010-2014.  \
> Got it. \
> Yes. \
> Let me see\'85 \
> Yes.  Which location?\
> Verifying\'85\
> Is this the location?\
> Got it.  What is your question about this area?\
> Ah, that is indicating the number of crimes. \
> Oh, unfortunately, I can\'92t zoom in. \
> Got it. \
> Might take me a minute\'85 sorry!\
> Here is the first visualization.  working on a few more\'85 \
> Let me answer your most recent question.. One moment. \
> Sounds reasonable to me. \
> Great!  \
> Yes. \
> Got it.  let me show you the hotspot. \
> Yes.  \
> Sorry, error in previous chart.\
> What was the question?  sorry\'85 \
> Ah.\
> Hot spot 1, Nov, Location type of thefts.  Working.. \
> Got it. \
> May take me a minute\'85 sorry. \
> Yes, that makes sense. \
> Sorry, I do not have that data. \
> Thank you!\
> Can I show you a visualization to help see homicide?\
> Got it\
> Is that a question? Ok.\
> 2011-2013 homicide, location types.  got it. \
> Street, apartment 2011-2013 map.  Got it\
> Sure, I have some data for you. \
> Sorry, may take a minute\'85 \
> Not sure if this is useful.  Let me know if you have another question.\
> I am not sure, but they may be. \
> Got it. \
> Do you have any more questions?  \
> I hope I have been able to be of assistance. \
> Thank you!  Have a nice day.  Signing off now. Bye!\
\
}